$Revision: 1.4 $
$Date: 2021/11/12 01:41:32 $

Weather Plug-in Disclaimer

NOAA/NWS/METAR

The Weather plug-in uses data and icons provided by the U.S. Government.
As such, this data is in the public domain and is free to use, subject to the following:

Use of Weather Data and Products

- The information on government servers are in the public domain, unless specifically annotated otherwise,
  and may be used freely by the public so long as you do not
  1) claim it is your own (e.g. by claiming copyright for NWS information -- see below),
  2) use it in a manner that implies an endorsement or affiliation with NOAA/NWS, or
  3) modify it in content and then present it as official government material. You also cannot present
     information of your own in a way that makes it appear to be official government information.
     Use of the NWS name ("National Weather Service") and/or visual identifier are protected under trademark law.
     Neither the name nor visual identifier can be used in a manner that implies an endorsement or affiliation with NOAA/NWS.
     Use of the NWS name and/or visual identifier to identify unaltered NWS content or links to NWS web sites are allowable uses.
     All other uses require express written permission.

- Before using information obtained from this server special attention should be given to the date & time
  of the data and products being displayed.

- The user assumes the entire risk related to its use of this data. NWS is providing this data "as is,"
  and NWS disclaims any and all warranties, whether express or implied, including (without limitation)
  any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. In no event will NWS
  be liable to you or to any third party for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special
  or exemplary damages or lost profit resulting from any use or misuse of this data.

- As required by 17 U.S.C. 403, third parties producing copyrighted works consisting predominantly
  of the material appearing in NWS Web pages must provide notice with such work(s) identifying the
  NWS material incorporated and stating that such material is not subject to copyright protection.

For more information go to http://www.weather.gov/disclaimer.php


OpenWeather

    Extracted from "End-User Licence", OpenWeather Ltd., 2024:

    See:
       https://openweathermap.org/storage/app/media/ow_end_user_license.pdf
    For full details.

2. Licence
2.1 In consideration of the Fee paid by the Customer to the Supplier, receipt of which the
Supplier hereby acknowledges, the Supplier grants to the Customer a non-exclusive,
non-transferable licence for its own internal usage and/or to distribute Non-retrievable
Value Added Services:
(a) for a term of one (1) month initially from the date this Licence Agreement has
been signed to use the Licensed Content by the Customer only.
(b) This Licence Agreement automatically renews for successive 1-month Renewal
Term unless either party provides written notice of non-renewal at least 7 days
before the end of the then-current Renewal Term.

2.2 In relation to scope of use, the Customer is permitted to:
(a) host, store, perform, display, and otherwise use the Licensed Content or any
part of it in connection with Customer’s internal usage and/or his Distribution
of Non-retrievable Value Added Services. The Customer is obliged to provide
reference (attribution) to the Supplier in Customer’s products or services.
(b) enhance, modify, adapt, transform, develop, create derivative and/or new
works based on and/or derived from the Licensed Content or any part of it;
(c) issue copies of and communicate and otherwise make available to the public
the Licensed Content or any part of it in connection with Customer products or
services;
(d) use the Licensed Content or any part of it in combination with any other
content;
(e) extract data from and/or reutilise the Licensed Content; and
(f) the Customer may make as many backup copies of the Licensed Content as may
be necessary for its lawful use. The Customer shall record the number and
location of all copies of the Licensed Content and take steps to prevent
unauthorised copying.
(g) except as expressly stated in this clause 2, the Customer has no right (and shall
not permit any third party) to copy, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble,
modify, adapt or make error corrections to the Licensed Content in whole or in
part except to the extent that any reduction of the Licensed Content to human
readable form (whether by reverse engineering, decompilation or disassembly)
is necessary for the purposes of integrating the operation of the Licensed
Content with the operation of other software or systems used by the Customer
unless the Supplier is prepared to carry out such action at a reasonable
commercial fee or has provided the information necessary to achieve such
integration within a reasonable period, and the Customer shall request the
Supplier to carry out such action or to provide such information (and shall meet
the Supplier's reasonable costs in providing that information) before
undertaking any such reduction.
(h) should the Customer breach any of its obligations as per this Agreement, it
waives any rights to claim the damages or losses from the Supplier, as well as,
cover any damages or losses that may be incurred by the Supplier of this
breach.
2.3 The Customer may not use any such information provided by the Supplier or obtained
by the Customer during any such reduction permitted under this agreement to create
any software whose expression is substantially similar to that of the Licensed Content
nor use such information in any manner which would be restricted by any copyright subsisting in it.
2.4 The Customer shall not:
(a) sub-license, assign, distribute or novate the benefit or burden of this licence in whole or in part;
(b) allow the Licensed Content to become the subject of any charge, lien or encumbrance; and
(c) deal in any other manner with any or all of its rights and obligations under this agreement,
without the prior written consent of the Supplier, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
2.5 Each party confirms it is acting on its own behalf and not for the benefit of any other person.
2.6 The Customer shall:
(a) notify the Supplier as soon as it becomes aware of any unauthorized use of the
Licensed Content by any person or company;
